Standard Pin Names Porting and Developer Guide (#1417)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/porting/standard_pin_names/pin_names_dev_guide.md

## Introduction

### Overview and assumptions

> Mbed OS is designed so that application code written in the platform is portable across different Mbed supported boards with the same hardware capabilities or interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform code should be portable across different Mbed supported boards with the same hardware capabilities or interfaces.
```

This document provides general developer guidelines on pin names that apply to all boards but it's not specific to any type of connector.

> Note there might be separate documents for pin names that apply to specific connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_NOTE:_** there might be separate documents for pin names that apply to specific connectors.
```

should this be specific Note?

## Standard Pin Names

### LEDs

> LEDs that are available on a board will be defined as `LEDx` e.g. `LED1`, `LED2`, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available onboard LEDs are defined as `LEDx` e.g. `LED1`, `LED2`, ...
```

    #define STATUS_LED LED2 

However, these names do not apply to all boards and hence should not be used in official example applications.

### Buttons

Buttons that are available on a board will be defined as `BUTTONx` e.g. `BUTTON1`, `BUTTON2`, ...

The detection of available buttons at application level can be done as follow:

    #ifdef BUTTON1
        DigitalIn myBUTTON(BUTTON1);
        int input = myBUTTON.read();
    #endif 

Alternatively, if the usage of a button is required, then the application can detect its availability and generate an error accordingly:

    #ifndef BUTTON1
        #error This application requires the availability of a button
    #endif 

It's possible to define new names of buttons related to its properties. It's recommended to add a comment with a description. They can be defined as aliases at application level as shown below:

    #define PUSH_BUTTON BUTTON1 // Momentary push Button

However, these names do not apply to all boards and hence should not be used in official example applications.

### UART

Every Mbed board includes a serial interface to the host PC, which allows the console to print useful information about the application.

> The pins for the main serial interface are defined as `USBTX` and `USBRX`.

Reviewer 2: Replace with CONSOLE_TX / CONSOLE_RX

> The pins for the main serial interface are defined as `CONSOLE_TX` and `CONSOLE_RX`.

Reviewer: Are we trying to unify also RX/TX? what if a board does not have the console - set as NC or notdefined - I recall there was one or two use cases in the tree

Reviewer 2: We're unifying TX/RX for the communication with the PC - all boards have to have this, otherwise they can't even run tests!
This is the first step to help to resolve this: https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/issues/6689
